The Joe Rogan.
Experience, you know, so I'm in there and the doctor says it,
no one can come see you. So I'm going,
if these are the last two days of my life,
I'm going to die alone in this hospital.
And it just broke me up so bad that,
you know, I've taken care of myself, I've done everything I can, you know,
to take care of myself. And why am I lying in this bed right now? You know?
And it was a thing where,
when I did think about my wife, it was,
I will never see my wife and two kids again, you know,
that that's all that went through. My mind is like I.
Did they put you on a ventilator? No.
My doctor saved my life. My doctor said, if we put you on a ventilator,
he said that he says, cause a nurse brought her up.
Should we put them on a ventilator? And he goes, no way.
If we put them on a ventilator,
he's going to die because his body is going to say, okay,
this machine is breathing for us. We don't need to work anymore.
And your body shuts down. If you've heard in New York,
80% of the people put on ventilators die.
And that's why you think.
I think that's why I five. I've heard.
That. I've, I've heard that being speculated by other doctors as well.
And it's very controversial because so many doctors put people on ventilators.
And the last thing they want to hear is another doctor saying,
you've put someone on a ventilator. They will die. But that.
My doctor said that straight up in the room in front of me to the nurses,
like if we put them on it, he's going to die. Because his thing was,
it just makes sense why he would,
because now this machine is going to breathe for him. So his body's not gonna,
it's like working out, you don't work out a muscle. It gets weak, right.
This machine is doing all your lifting.
So why would we want to put them on that? Unless it's, it's just,
we have to put them on it, you know?
But you've heard doctors we're putting on people so fast because their oxygen
levels were so low. Right? They're like this isn't, this is not normal.
So we need to do something to get their oxygen level up.
I think doctors are like everything else. Right? There's really good ones.
Then there's ones that aren't as good. No, it's true with everything else,
with everything. Carpenters, plumbers, everything, every everything.
And it's really, I look back, I'm still, now I've become very close to him.
And the dude saved my life. Cause if I went on a ventilator, bro, I don't,
I may not be here because I was on.
A ventilator. They kind of knock you out.
You're unconscious. Literally that machine is doing all your breathing. Right.
I don't understand how we could take three more months off.
Um, well it depends what they mean by, I mean, you know, when you talk,
when you hear the governor talk, it's, you know,
he's moving it along and he's in these phases and we're getting and pushing it
through and it says it doesn't, I don't,
I don't think it's going to be as I'm stammering because the realization I don't
w I don't think it's going to be like what it was in
April in may. Why not July? Because,
because I want.
To go outside. I think so, too. Ellie county breaches, uh,
beaches reopen May 13th.
Yes, but you can't hang out on your lounge. You can't hang out on your towel.
You gotta go in.
Make that larger. Please go back to where it was. You can do water sports,
More sitting on the sand canopies coolers or picnicking.
Right? You can, uh, you can be active. You can.
Go swim and lots are closed. So where they expect you to park.
They don't want you to go individual.
Family activities and exercise only.
Hmm. Yeah. So you can go down, you can swim.
You could ride the waves and then get out of the ocean and get back in your car.
No.
Thinking you can't pick Nick.
No biking, no biking. No. Why.
Can't you bike?
I have to say no volleyball that you see that brown circle with a slash through
it with the giant canopies. Those should be banned all year.
Have you ever been next to one of those?
Oh, these are disgusting. Oh my why? Why are you allowed to set up camp?
Building a house? You're basically saying this is my area of the sandwich.
Like blocking.
Everyone's view.
Yeah. You can get a towel. That's what you can get.
You get a towel and that's it. It's how it's always been.
No, these people come down there.
They've got coolers and tables higher than the.
They seem to have fences. Now people are setting up beach fences. Yeah.
They're selling beach fences. You set it up,
you stick it in the sand and you mark off your area. Oh.
My gosh.
We're creating dorks. Yeah.
This is all before social distance.
These are just people making camps there and bring 25 people. A Hazel.
Reopens. Tomorrow's what they're saying. Yeah.
Baby. Yeah.
Well, that's good. That's a, that's a start.
I think we need to move in the other direction.
I think we need to quarantine people that are at risk.
That's what I think really. And then let people make their own choices.
You know, this, the,
the idea that these hospitals are going to be overwhelmed is not true.
It's not correct. Luckily we're very fortunate. Yeah.
And the idea that we're going to run out of ventilators, that's not true either.
Right? So,
and then also if that doctor that worked with Michael yo was telling you this
before we started, the doctor said that if you put him on a ventilator,
he would die. Um,
cause his body would stop trying to breathe and it would just sort of give up.
And this is what Michael Yos doctors told him. And he, he survived.
And then we're finding out that a lot of people they put on ventilators don't
make it. And I wonder if what he's saying applies to those people.
The main,
one of the main things besides age that regulates the immune system is like
previous exposure to viruses. Like,
so I thought that was really interesting. And in particular, one, one virus,
the psychometric megla virus CMV did, you know,
like between 50 to 80% of the us population, has it like,
at least by the time they're like an adult.
How's it permanently? Or.
It's a, it's a herpes virus. So it's,
it's a lifelong thing and this is why it basically. So it, it,
it changes your immune system. What.
Are the symptoms? It, most.
People that are healthy don't ever know they have it. Cause there's no symptoms.
Oh yeah. Unless you're immunocompromised, but most people that are healthy,
they don't know, you know, that they're infected.
With it. Say it again. What is the cyto.
Mega virus? It's CMV.
Sounds like something Godzilla fights. There.
It is. So what's so interesting,
but here's the interesting thing about this virus is that it,
so this is one of the major things multiple studies have, have been looking at,
like just immune variability and it's like CMV has been identified in multiple
studies. And the thing that, the reason it got me interested,
cause I was like 80, almost 80%. I mean, I could have it. Right, right.
Totally habit. Um, and uh, it changes the immune function.
It's totally different between young and old. So,
so when you're younger and if you have it, uh,
it actually enhances immune function. So there they've done studies where like,
they, they, they have, um, given people, influenza vaccine,
and oftentimes these vaccine studies are used to kind of test the immune
response and like how your, how robust your immune responses, because you're,
you're given a vaccine and there's all different types of vaccines, you know,
pieces of an antigen or all different types of, you know, ways that you can,
you can expose someone to a bacteria or virus, but, uh,
you have a response to it. And the response is, uh, you know,
involves your adaptive immunity.
You make what's called neutralizing antibodies that, you know,
basically eventually bind to the virus and neutralize,
it prevented proponent from entering the cell.
So people that have CMB that are young,
have a really robust response to the vaccine, much better. Um,
but older people have the complete opposite where it's like, you know,
deleterious.
And the reason for that scientists think is because basically
this virus it's,
it's stuck with you lifelong and kind of reactivates every few years.
And like every time it reactivates, it kind of trains your T cells,
which are part of your immune system to, to become focused on that CMV.
And so as you get older, your,
your T cell population becomes more focused on fighting that virus and less so
on other viruses that you're exposed to, but.
This virus doesn't have any symptoms. Most healthy.
People don't have any symptoms with it. I know it's really like,
it's really weird.
And so they're just, I went to a restaurant Pritchet sat down and had a steak,
had a glass of wine, my friend, Eddie Bravo, we sat down,
ate together like gentlemen, does it look weird when you see it?
And it was strange at the restaurant because it was like us. And then, uh,
this other older couple walked in, there was maybe one other couple, uh,
towards the front and a couple of young people at the bar, fairly sparse,
all the waiters had face masks on and we ate, we ate dinner finale,
conspiracy theorist, semi is like,
now they're going to see how far they can push it.
I think that's a conspiracy theory.
I think that is just like your cult friend that was calling you a scumbag and
trying to break you down. When you're in a position of power, there's like,
there's,
there's an archetype of a person in a position of power.
And then all the potential things that can go wrong.
When a person's in a position of power, all the abuses of that power. I mean,
they're, they're documented right throughout history,
but this is one of them control. I'm telling you what to do.
If you want more rights, you want to get your rights back. Well, daddy says,
you got to put your mask on, even though it doesn't make any sense.
We're all.
Grounded. But here's the thing. It's, it's not like things are getting worse,
but their grip is getting tighter. Right?
Yeah. That's what it is. Deeply.
G rights are generally not given back once they're taken.
Exactly. And that's what the problem is. And this is what the problem. When,
when people want to talk about like Marxism and all the positive benefits of
socialism, it'd be great. If everybody liked,
helped all the people that weren't doing so well and chipped on in,
and it would be great. But the problem with the big state,
the big government is what you're seeing now.
Regular people making decisions,
regular people like Gavin Newsome is a person. He's not a genius.
He's not a wizard. He's not from another planet.
He's a human being who grew up in the United States of America.
And he has this incredible amount of power over 40 million people in this state.
And he's deciding we're going to go stage step one and where you're going to
allow to be going outside and look at the sunset. You can do yoga.
Don't go near anybody. You can, you can golf, no cart.
And he's got masks and they put this list of that you can do and you can't do.
And then they get to tap people. They get to tell me not yet. Not yet.
We're going to open up a little bit on May 15th. Okay. A little bit,
a little bit. What can we do? You can go to the beach now,
but don't sit down now. You can't freaking sit down.
You can't tell people what to do like that. You can't, it doesn't make sense.
This is what you tell people. Please be cautious. Please use social distancing.
Let's be smart. Let's take care of our vulnerable, vulnerable,
vulnerable people. And let's take care of our health.
Let's take care of our bodies to eat. Correct.
This is a good opportunity for you to cut all the out of your diet.
Stop eating so much sugar, stop drinking so much. Stop smoking cigarettes.
This is a good time to work on your health.